[Image] use img tag (#908)
CraveFood/farmblocks: packages/image/README.md

## API

| Property     | Description                                                                                 | Type    |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| src          | **required**, the URL of the image                                                          | string  |
| badge        | make the image a circle                                                                     | boolean |
| borderRadius | the border radius of the image                                                              | string  |
| css          | custom css properties                                                                       | object  |

> | fit          | how should the image fit the size (same options that the background-scale css attribute)    | string  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fit          | how should the image fit the size (same options that the object-fit css attribute)    | string  |
```
